hmm weirdest it yeah this bus too cold
that one's too noisy oh there we go
this one's just right if you're looking
for the best service in the Cabot think
I'm talking about business or first
class sure they have big comfy seats
that unfold into a full-on bed bigger TV
screens privacy walls no arguing with
that logic
but now go past them I'm talking cheap
seats in economy where the service is
even better than in the front sections
of the plane must be the window seats
there you have a little more room you
can lean over and rest your head watch
the clouds or read a book in natural
light during the flyer then again you'll
have to constantly disturb your
neighbors when you want a bathroom break
or to stretch your legs and sometimes
you need your neighbors help to pass
food or drinks over your way no window
seats aren't the most comfortable spots
either alright then it's over by the
aisle you don't have a neighbors elbow
in one of your sides
you're free to stretch your legs out
into the aisle just be careful not to
trip anybody and you get up and walk
around or go to the loo without
disturbing other passengers wait scratch
that you have to deal with the food cart
bumping your elbow and don't even get me
started about people using your headrest
as a handrail when they walk down the
aisle plus if the plane goes through
severe turbulence the overhead bins my
spilling all those bags right on the
aisle passengers heads oh and here's one
you might not know if the aircraft
suddenly loses pressurization the crew
has only a few seconds to get to the
nearest oxygen mask if they happen to be
moving down the aisle with a food cart
there are extra masks directly over the
aisle passengers heads now side seats
can hardly be the best option for a long
flight plenty of travelers swear that
the seats near the emergency exits are
the most convenient no surprises here
aviation rules require these rows to
have more space so you can sit with your
legs stretched out but these cozy spots
are limited to a few lucky ones or the
bravest passenger sitting near the
emergency exit must help the crew during
an evacuation in fact you can't sit here
unless you agree to the terms and the
biggest inconvenience forget about
sitting with your kids pets are
grandpappy this row is only for those
physically capable of helping the crew
get everybody out of the exit the best
seat has to be the one where you can get
some quiet shut-eye
the part over the wings think of the
plane as a giant seesaw if it gets into
some turbulence the middle of the cabin
is much less bumpy than the front or end
of the aircraft in general it'll be
quieter if you're above or in front of
the wings because that's where the
engines are if you're behind them
it'll be like sitting in front of a boom
box speaker the wing part is also the
best for taking pictures an impressive
shiny aircraft wing set against the
backdrop of gorgeous sunlit clouds
you'll get tons of likes on your socials
or maybe you don't like the wings
blocking your view if you have a fear of
flying
I wouldn't recommend the seats with this
view either it's a little daunting
seeing the wings
when the plane lands hmm how about those
bulkhead seats right after business
class nobody sitting in front of you the
food drink carts come to your row first
we're getting close but these still
aren't the best spots for service having
your tray table fold out of your armrest
isn't as convenient or the fact that you
don't have a seat in front of you to
store your personal bag under and good
luck getting any shut-eye or quiet
reading in this row it's usually where
they put the kids okay okay I'll quit
teasing you if you're looking for the
best seats in the house as far as
service goes and you don't want to
overpay for business or first class then
drumroll please sit in the very back of
the cabin crew members recommended
because they're actually the least
popular seats among passengers the very
back of the plane rocks more from
turbulence and not many people want to
sit right near the noisy laboratories
although planes are one of the safest
modes of transport on the planet seven
out of ten people aren't terrified to
fly if you're among them then the last
rows of the plane can help calm you down
a little during a long flight according
to statistics it's the safest zone in
the aircraft
there's always an emergency exit in the
tail section which means you could get
out faster in an evacuation and your
odds of coming out of a bad situation
alive are also a bit higher here but if
you're not afraid to fly and you're just
looking for some excellent service the
bat can even compete with business and
first class that's because the flight
attendants are in the back of the plane
most of the time it's where they prepare
food and drinks or simply rest meaning
cabin crew are more likely to respond to
a passenger sitting at the end of the
play versus having to go all the way to
the front where those folks over paid
for good service also if you're on a
long intercontinental flight you'll
notice the last seats are often left
empty you could get one cheap ticket and
come out with a whole row of seats to
sleep on
that and passengers are sometimes let
out of the plane from not only the front
exit but also the rear one so if you're
in the last row you could get out faster
than even business class passengers but
that's not always the case if you're not
in a time crunch be ready to get off the
plane at the very end of an already long
d boarding process and hopefully you're
not too hungry being in the back also
means you'll get the last of the meals
and sometimes they run out of one or the
other option by the time they make it to
you finally if you're not a fan of bumpy
rides remember that the back gets shaken
by turbulence the most after hearing all
this what if you want to change your
seat don't go helping yourself right
away you must ask permission and don't
even bother asking for a seat that
normally cost more like in an exit row
or a higher class you won't get it but
even if you got your eye on that last
row or anywhere else within your class
cabin crew might still deny your request
depending on the airline the plane model
and how the cabin looks at that moment
you might be told no because it can
throw off the planes balance you see for
any flight weight and balance are key to
stability and they're very carefully
measured the crew might not want to risk
any unexpected changes so I'll leave it
to you to weigh the pros and cons next
time you're choosing a seat as you're
booking and let me know down in the
comments which seat you usually prefer
when you fly all aboard
wait a minute that's a train never mind
[Music]